---
toc: False
comments: True
layout: post
title: N@TM Trimester 2 Reflection
description: A reflection of what I found interesting at this event
type: hacks
courses: {'compsci': {'week': 19}}
---

# Blog / article on you and team

Unfortunately, our team did not qualify as the size and participation of our team led to our team only creating three features. Ideally, we would have had four if one of our team members communicated and resolved their issues regarding the assigned feature with a crucial database. We have been working on the activity and hotel features, which both include databases, throughout the break to be more prepared for the individual reviews. Our three features worked cohesively with the theme of our San Diego travel project, however, none of the completed features had an updated database because it was expected to be implemented in the fourth member’s activities feature.
Team picture: 



I looked at the CSSE class Super Mario game which was presented by my friend Daisy. I think it is impressive how an entire class of roughly 30 people collaborated to create one fully functional video game. Some features that stood out to me were the multiplayer mode, the various difficulty levels, the customization of gravity, and the live chat. 
Another project from CSP that caught my attention was a volunteer organizer. The website could allow users to sign up for and manage various opportunities. Our group could implement this into our activities feature so users can sign up for activities and directly add them to our itinerary feature’s database.
The CSA project that I found interesting was essentially a recreation of Discord with an additional AI chat box feature. The frontend was seamless, so users could easily chat with their friends and AI. They could improve their project by adding a login page, so users can customize their account similar to what is possible in Discord.




In the AP Studio Art classroom, I found a few of my friends’ work including Bri! She drew an eerie representation of a ghost town and a POV of someone fishing in a boat. AP Studio Art portfolios all have a theme, so although I couldn’t figure out how the two pieces connect, I’m sure there was a deep meaning behind both masterpieces.

In the Design Mixed Media classroom, a class I’m taking next trimester, I saw a cinnamon toast crunch cereal box collage that I would’ve never thought to create. It successfully represented the whimsical feelings attached to the cereal box. Job well done by the artist! 


